ah you had your account suspended it is
the worst feeling in the world like your
stomach drops and you're freaking out
like what do I do what happened where's
my account how do I get it back if
you're tuned in to this episode of build
your tribe it is because you've lost
your account or maybe some one of your
friends lost their account you're trying
to figure out how to get it back and in
this episode I'm gonna do my best to
help you do just that
all right first of all you got to make
sure that you know why it was your
account was suspended sometimes we know
we we just are very clear like oh I know
what it was I was sending too many of
the same messages repeatedly to my
customers even though it might have been
something they were asking for Instagram
might see that as spam some other things
you can do which are common violations
of community guidelines are things like
posting something that is considered
nudity even though you're like but I
just look nude I'm not really nude look
one time I was roller skating and I had
on these like peach colored tights and
Tick Tock tagged that video thinking
that or flag that video as being
inappropriate and showing nudity but no
actually I was just wearing peach
colored leggings it might be that you
were involved in an Instagram pod which
is known as Instagram potting like an
engagement pod all of those things like
buying fake followers fake likes buying
likes buying follow you know all of
those things anything you're paying for
with Instagram for the most part could
be in violation of Instagram's Community
guidelines as well as using third-party
tools unless it is approved by Instagram
you just never know and then ultimately
there are tons of people who get their
accounts suspended for no freaking
reason it makes no sense whatsoever you
cannot figure it out and you just want
your account back so first I'd like to
figure out like what was what were you
doing wrong if you can figure that out
the second thing you need to do is head
over to your email and if you haven't
already please be sure that you have
two-factor authentication on your email
account I can't tell you how many of our
students with so myself and my son Brock
we have a Instagram coaching membership
and I can't tell you how many of our
students who have not taken this very
important First Step it's we try to
drive it into people's heads you got to
do this you've got to make sure that
your email is protected first because
for most people your Instagram account
is associated with your email account so
if someone's been able to hack into your
email account you can be changing your
Instagram password even if you do have
two-factor authentication on it and
whoever's in your inbox is seeing you
change the password so first and
foremost make sure before you start
fixing things make sure that everything
is secured right so you can check out a
previous episode of build your Trevor we
talk about all the things you need to do
to make sure you don't get hacked I will
link to that in our show description
they're really important I know it's a
pain in the butt I know it's not sexy
but trust me it could save you tens of
thousands maybe even hundreds of
thousands of dollars someday if you can
just make sure that everything is
secured so many things are tied to our
email address all right so you're going
to go into your inbox you're going to
check to see if Instagram sent you a an
email because typically they're going to
send an email to the account that's
associated with the suspension and
they're going to let you know
um if in fact your account has been
suspended they don't don't usually tell
you why isn't that lovely they just say
community violations be sure to double
check your spam folder and see if you
find that there once you find that email
then you want to make sure that you take
the steps necessary to appeal the
suspension especially if you believe
your account was suspended by mistake
this is so important and I'm going to
walk you through two different ways that
you can appeal that suspension all right
first you're going to go to the
Instagram login page now you should
probably do this from a desktop would be
my suggestion so that you can use your
web browser then you're going to click
on the login page and where you enter
your username and password if you go
there where you would log in you should
see a message saying that your account
has been suspended there you should see
an option that says learn more or get
help if you want to click on get help
click on that option and then you'll be
directed to a form on the help page page
you're going to fill out the required
information there as much detail as
possible about the issue explain why you
believe that the suspension was an error
now as you go through this option the
first thing you're going to need to do
as always is prove that you're not a
robot so you know they'll ask you to
click on all the pictures that represent
a bus or whatever go ahead and go
through that process once you've proven
that you are a human being and not a
robot then you'll need to provide the
email account that you set up initially
with your Instagram account and this is
so important you do need to use the
email account that you originally set up
your Instagram account okay because once
you enter that they're then going to
send you a confirmation code to that
email that's why it's also so important
that you you know that you're the only
person who's in your inbox otherwise if
you've been hacked your hacker then gets
the code once you've entered your email
then you're gonna hit the little button
that says send code they're going to
ping you a code this code is usually six
digits sometimes it's eight digits and
that code is the the first step to your
recovery okay so you're gonna open that
up in your Gmail app find the email from
Instagram copy the code that they've
sent you and paste it in okay if for
some reason you no longer have access to
the email you set up your Instagram
account there are options Instagram does
give you an option to update your email
address but the most important thing is
that you're able to send that they're
able to send you a recovery code it's
this recovery code that helps them to
verify that you are who you are so when
you tap on update email address you're
going to enter in your new email address
the or at least the address you have
immediate access to and then of course
go to your email open it up and get the
code enter it into the app okay so it's
really helpful if you're doing this on
your phone and on a desktop at the same
time after you've entered the code
you'll hit next then they'll ask you to
provide your mobile phone number the
number that's associated with your
account they'll use your number your
mobile number and they're going to send
you a confirmation code to that number
the number that was connected to your
Instagram account now I can tell you
personally sometimes Instagram is very
glitchy so when I lost access to my
account even though it was I knew the
number that was associated with and that
was a number that we had two Factor
authentication set up on everything
every single time it sent a code it said
it was sending the code to my number I
never got the code never and we happen
to have an Instagram account
representative that helps us with our
ads even that person was like well let
me see if I can get this elevated to a
higher level of care it didn't matter no
matter who I talk to no one had
Instagram could figure it out they're
like okay we just sent you the code I'm
like I'm looking at my phone there's no
code So eventually what we had to do is
reset my Instagram account so that the
two-factor authentication code and the
the account that's associated with my
account went to my husband's phone
number crazy now that is such an unusual
situation here's why I'm saying it's
unusual because most people don't have
an account representative at Instagram
who's going to you know push and Elevate
that case to a higher level and and to
have that kind of Hands-On help so I'm
you know that's the bummer thing about
Instagram is they they need a freaking
800 wouldn't you pay like 25 to just
make a phone call and actually talk to a
person on Instagram drop me a comment
below this episode if you're like that's
a wonderful idea and I wish Instagram
would do that instead of charging
everybody to have the blue check anyways
I digress my point is this when you lose
your account it's it's so much just like
who do I who do we know so if you know
someone at Instagram if you know
somebody at Facebook trust me they get
hit up all the time with this kind of
thing you know it's worth a chance the
one person you don't need to reach out
to is me I love it when you do but I
have I feel so bad because there's
nothing I can do I get too many
inquiries I get an inquiries from
celebrities from people who are huge
influencers people lose their accounts
all the time and again unfortunately
it's squeaky wheel so I'm going to give
you that little piece of advice what I'm
explaining to you right now on how to
process your appeal you sometimes have
to do this repeatedly because they will
come back and say the suspension stands
or whatever their language is where
they'll say you know your account is
still suspended and just keep appealing
and appealing and appealing we have
students inside the insta Club Hub who
have followed this exact process and it
took like four times before they finally
got their account back all right so back
to you having the code sent to your
phone and you might be wondering like
okay so why are they doing that well
obviously it's to confirm it's for your
own safety they are in fact trying to
confirm that you have not been hacked if
your account has been hacked and not
suspended uh I would like to refer you
to a previous episode we did here on
build your tribe that specifically walks
you through the step-by-step process of
getting your account back once you've
been hacked which is also just such a
nightmare but again I will link to that
in our description for this episode but
once you go through the process of
submitting this information and the
codes and they're sending the code to
your phone and and you make your case
for appealing why your account should
not be suspended then it's just a
waiting game because they're going to
analyze your responses they're going to
see if they can verify if in fact you
are the account holder then they're
going to look and see if you actually
um were in violation of community
guidelines usually you'll hear back from
Instagram within 24 hours and that email
will have your response hopefully
fingers crossed that email tells you
you've got your Instagram account back
it doesn't hurt to pray every single day
that the Instagram gods are in your
favor now the second method that you
might use to get your account back we're
requires you going to your browser and
then type in on Instagram Instagram
account disabled in the search bar on
Instagram then you want to click on the
second option which says my Instagram
account was deactivated below that
you'll see an option that reads send
click on that and you'll be able to fill
out a form and go through the same
process of filling in the information
about your account your email that you
associated with the Instagram account
and it's the same kind of process you're
going to click Send provide them all of
your contact information and then you
wait 24 hours to see if they will take
mercy on you and re-initiate a
re-activate your account it's very
frustrating I know it is and this is all
the more reason why I constantly tell we
constantly tell people here on build
your tribe that if you're using it look
if your mom and dad are using Instagram
just for fun like to keep up on the
family that's one thing but if you're
using Instagram to monetize if you're
using Instagram to grow your business to
get the word out about your brand then
it's so important that you first have
all of the foundational pieces of your
business in place your website that
you're already building an email list
that the customers and people are
following you on Instagram already know
where to reach you so that you could
reach them if in fact your account were
to be disabled you could email them and
let them know like hey my account got
disabled I'm opening up a new account
fresh from scratch I really hope that
you get your account back I know you
watched this video because you're in
that position and it sucks I've been
there it is it's the worst feeling in
the world you feel so powerless so
helpless and if again if you're using
Instagram for your business it's like
well what am I supposed to do today
right so be the squeaky wheel I hope
this helps if it did please be sure to
leave a review or if you're watching
this on YouTube I would love for you to
like this video don't forget to
subscribe and turn on your notifications
so that you are notified the next time
we release a build you tribe episode hey
don't forget to check the description
below this episode where I've got links
to a couple of those other really
important build your tribe episodes and
as always it is my goal to be brief to
be bright to make it fun and then be
done we're done
[Music]
thank you